# RNN论文生词

hierarichies：阶层，等级制度

sematic：语义的

plateaue：平稳

 mean average precision (mAP)

scarce：稀缺

R-CNN:Regions with CNN features

canonical：典范的

blockwise：逐块

histogram：直方图

cortical：皮质的

stochastic：随机的

rectify：纠正

vigorously：激烈地



1. localizing objects with a deep network
   + One approach frames localization as a regression problem
   + An alternative is to build asliding-window detector.

2. training a high-capacity model with only a small quantity of annotated detection data



receptive：感受的

paradigm：模范

region proposals 候选区域



1.  At test time, our method gener-ates around 2000 category-independent region proposals forthe input image,
2. extracts a fixed-length feature vector fromeach proposal using a CNN,
3. and then classifies each regionwith category-specific linear SVMs.  



A  second  challenge  faced  in  detection  is  that  labeled data is scarce and the amount currently available is insufficient  for  training  a  large  CNN. 



tune：调音

fine-tuning:微调

auxiliary：辅助的

demostrate：指出，演示

dominant：主流的



The first generates category-independent region proposals.

The second module is a large convolutional neural network that extracts a fixed-length feature vector from each region.

The third module is a set of class-specific linear SVMs. 



Region proposals.  we use se-lective search to enable a controlled comparison with priordetection work。

dilate：使膨胀

propagate：传播，宣传

amortize：缓冲

bias：偏差

overlap：重叠

ablation：切除



 deformable part models(DPM)

intuitively:直观地

sketch:草图

contour：轮廓

histograms  of  sparse  codes  (HSC)